that of 1000 feet or a game of
team and trust can search
children aged 7 and up
at least a minimum of two players this
to make your tree 2 mm hg now
we see the layout of the field of
game we should have a line
at the beginning is an end line
teams will be excused
centipedes will be placed at the beginning
so let's say we have two teams
arranged in a single row 2 3 4 and 5
pomponi 14 and the fifth component now
everyone will say they will then put one
classical finian or we can
find it even train everyone will have the
hands on the child's shoulders
thus precedes all children
will be blindfolded first second third e
except the fourth and fifth of the fifth
made that is what looks will be
what can command the direction
take the centipede mine comes
in fact it must go from position to is
was the function behind the position
of therefore opposite to the other field of the
in the end line in our field of
game admits torino feet where
to go
I did exactly the opposite one will have to
go to the position of while the other
thousand and tp where to go to the opposition
making therefore a path of this
kind of trying to go to
collide with the other centipede like
makes the player who is last in the
final diana to command centipede
does with holes then no two touches in
this way means a thousand feet
can go ahead in a straight way two
touch on the shoulder of the partner with a
winning a mouse on the right shoulder
means that it can turn right a
toto on the left shoulder means that
only one touch can be turned to the left
means that he absolutely must
stop because there is some danger that
obstacle for example you can too
think of inserting along the path
some boxes some obstacle
something short that makes the game a
slightly more spicy we say of course the
child receiving orders then
let's admit that twice must go
forward must place orders back to
child who preceded him the one for
one hundred of a child what he sees us like this
away so there must be more than that if
what is indicated by the driver
also great group combination for
various children to reach the
position in the final position ad
example is what you can enter is always
well every game give a prize maybe
which can also be a reward or willful
it ca n't be a snack so maybe
in the end you put five slices of
cake you have prepared
or you put 5 cookies you have
homemade the day before or
maybe brought out a baby
I have some good sweets because he must
you can celebrate your own birthday
maybe subdivide it to the various children
present for the game
then maybe leave it as but obviously
because then everyone will go to whoever arrives
first who arrives second
the purpose of this game is like all the
games the one to have fun and look for
therefore without falling without distraction
without loosening the mind from the train of
to get from the life of lithium to that of
China